README.md, before:

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `yarn eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

app built locally and deployed

README.md, after:

# Front End Challenge

This project is using Ant design as UI framework (Ant Design simply for it's beautiful components) to display a list of properties as well as their data.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

## Technical notes

1. Is the code easy to maintain?
   it is separated in terms of structure and the components follow the same structure: we have sass files for each component, for each route there is a page. The app can be extended by adding routes which means adding new pages and each new page consist of components which are in their respective component file. each component can be made of other individual components and scss files. each time we add a new component we can follow the same structure.
   Common scss file on the style folder, for specific components there is a scss file for component specific styles and generic styles can be overriden on that local scss file as well

2. Does the proposed solution scale if more teams were to contribute?
   same answer as above, since it is structured the team just need to follow the structure, if they want to change some convention to fit better with their need they can do it.

3. How difficult is it to onboard another engineer to the codebase?
   it is very easy to onboard a new engineer with such simple structure

4. Does the application work across different screen sizes?
   yes media queries have been addded and I use a UI Framework (ant design) which is responsive by default. The only landing page is responsive but we can follow the same process for new page

5. Is the logic well tested?
   There is just one test for a card which is duplicated per property and one for the landing page

6. Is the application accessible to all users?
   there is no authentication system so accessible to all but not deployed in a cloud environment

7. Is the code semantic?
   yes, I did my best to do so. the code base and variable names are meaningful as well as the css, for example on the landing page, all the functions are component names relates to their actions and what they represent

## Other considerations

I deliberately decided not to use Json Server simply because it means adding an additional server suporting the backend which I could have done by installing node js but I preferred, for the time recommanded to allocate on this project, to spend my time on:

- buiding the components
- storing data in local storage
- brinding a structure to the project
